{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14360\viewh11900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 1. What is controller containment and what does it offer developers?\
\
Controller containment allows an iOS developer a way to embed one View Controller inside another. It\'92s a good way to simplify and organize code.\
\
2. What is the difference between navigation and tab controllers? Under what circumstances do you use each one?\
\
Navigation controllers manage (and swap in and out) multiple content views by making it easier to maintain a stack of view controllers. Navigation controllers lie at the heart of many iPhone apps, but for hardware like the iPad, they\'92re less prevalent because iPad software often implements sidebars for navigation rather than filling the screen as they do on the iPhone.\
\
Tab bar controllers are a sub-class of view controllers. They are used to manage an array of view controllers that have to explicit relationship to one another. They usually appear at the bottom of the view. Apple\'92s built-in \'93Clock\'94 app uses tab bar controllers to allow the user to tap icons to switch among \'91World Clock,\'92 \'91Alarm,\'92  \'91Bedtime,\'92  \'91Stopwatch,\'92  and \'91Timer.\'92\
\
3. Name at least one Apple-supplied iOS application that uses each container class and explain how they're used in each app.\
\
Apple\'92s \'93Music\'94 app uses both view controllers and tab bar controllers. Tab bar controllers are used to allow the user to switch between \'91Library,\'92 \'91For You,\'92 \'91Browse,\'92 \'91Radio,\'92 and \'91Search.\'92 When the user selects \'91Library\'92 using the tab bar controller, for example, it shows the user the category \'93Library,\'94 which contains \'91Playlists,\'92 \'91Artists,\'92 \'91Albums,\'92 \'91Songs,\'92 and \'91Downloaded Music.\'92 If the user then taps \'91Playlists,\'92 the user sees the screen wipe from right to left, a segue common to navigation controllers, and then all playlists are viewable by swiping up and down.}