{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is controller containment and what does it offer developers?\
	It's the management of view controllers so the experience is seamless for the user and gives some structure to the way you organize view controllers. It's a way of organizing code so it sits visually into neat hierarchies that you can follow sequentially while you're building the logic of your app.\
\
What is the difference between navigation and tab controllers? Under what circumstances do you use each one?\cb1 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	A navigation controller allows you the ability to move between different view controllers using segues. A tab controller manages both navigation controllers (if they're present) and regular view controllers. It serves as a way to divide content into sections (usually indicated by icons) at the bottom of the screen.\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Name at least one Apple-supplied iOS application that uses each container class and explain how they're used in each app.\cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	The photos app seems to use both navigation controllers and tab controllers. The tab controllers are indicated at the bottom by the icons "Photos", "For You", "Albums", and "Search". And the navigation controller is indicated by the fact that you can go back and forth between different levels in the photo app, from  specific, individual, photos, to the month, to the year, all the way to all years.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}