{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 VIEW CONTROLLER CONTAINMENT - CONTAINED
\fs24 \

\fs26 [ Week 1 of Mastery-Based Progression ]\

\fs24 \
What is controller containment and what does it offer developers?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> Controller containment is when one view controller places another view controller inside it. It is useful to developers because it keeps things organized and less messy. It allows them to break up the view controller into separate view controllers that each have their own logic and goals.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What is the difference between navigation and tab controllers? Under what circumstances do you use each one?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> The navigation controller is where different view controllers are connected through a segue that can be moved between by a button that the user taps to move to a new view and a back button the user taps to move back to a previous view. It would serve an application the best in the case of an order of views being important because it takes you from one to the next to the next. The tab controller consists of a bar that contains different tabs with icons that the user can choose from in order to take him/her to a different view. The tab controller would be the best option when the order of the views doesn\'92t matter, and rather the choice of the user to see all options at once is more important.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Name at least one Apple-supplied iOS application that uses each container class and explain how they\'92re used in each app.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> Most apps when you first use them actually use a navigation controller because they are giving directions to the user about how to get the most out of the app. The user typically receives a welcome message followed by a new piece of information about the app each time they tap. A specific example of this is the app \'93Drops,\'94 a language learning app that uses visual language learning methodology. They explain what strategies are employed in the introduction.
\b \

\b0 >> Yelp uses the tab controller. At the bottom of the view you always have the option to change the way you would like to search for restaurants nearby with the options: \'93Nearby,\'94 \'93Search,\'94 \'93Me,\'94 \'93Delivery\'94, and \'93More.\'94 This is helpful for the user so that they can see all of the ways to search at once. }