{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is controller containment and what does it offer developers?\cb1 \
	It's a way of managing views. You embed views in one each other as a way of managing the complexity that happens after n number of views controllers are added to a project.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 What is the difference between navigation and tab controllers? Under what circumstances do you use each one?\cb1 \
	Navigation controllers sort of control the hierarchy of view controllers as you transition from one to the other. They "connect" the different view controllers together. Tab controllers are usually found at the bottom of an iPhone and designate different sections of an app.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 Name at least one Apple-supplied iOS application that uses each container class and explain how they're used in each app.\
	The music app. The section at the bottom is a tab controller, detailing different sections a user can go to. Clicking on a list of album names reveals the album, which is controller by a navigation controller.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf4 \
}